docs/en/guide/faq.md, before:

# FAQ

> Some parts of this article use machine translation, and the text may not be accurate. Welcome to revise. 

Due to the limited time and energy of the three independent developers which develop the app in their spare time, in order to quickly implement the entire incentive system, there are still many imperfect functions/details/interaction UI in the app, which can only be compensated by time.

If you help us to promote the application (whether it is to friends or app market reviews, or articles, videos), perhaps we can obtain more development/design resources to make `LifeUp` more perfect.

If the app really helps you, please consider buy us a coffee :)

<iframe src="html/buymeacoffe.html" scrolling="no" border="0" frameborder="no" framespacing="0" allowfullscreen="true" width="100%" height="80px"> </iframe>


## Compatibility configuration

If you come across:

- Reminders do not take effect
- The Pomodoro does not remind in the background; the commodity countdown is invalid in the background
- Widget can't finish counting items, can't enter item details
- Widget refresh exception

!> [Please click here for compatibility configuration](/guide/compatibility.md) documentation

## Toc

### Universal

[Can I hide the World module if I don't need it?](/guide/faq?id=can-i-hide-the-world-module-if-i-dont-need-it)

[How to initialize the overdue and given-up count in the "Me" page?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-initialize-the-overdue-and-given-up-count-in-the-me-page)

[Pedometer is inaccurate, or I don't need this module?](/guide/faq?id=pedometer-is-inaccurate-or-i-dont-need-this-module)

### Tasks

[How to uncomplete tasks?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-uncomplete-tasks)

[How to modify an overdue task to completed?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-modify-an-overdue-task-to-completed)

[Is there a exp/coin penalty for tasks failure?](/guide/faq?id=is-there-a-expcoin-penalty-for-tasks-failure)

[How to understand the repetition mechanism?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-understand-the-repetition-mechanism)

[How to hide completed items (actually unstarted items)?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-hide-completed-items-actually-unstarted-items)

[How to make tasks not overdue at 0 o'clock?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-make-tasks-not-overdue-at-0-oclock)

[How to set multiple reminders for a task?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-set-multiple-reminders-for-a-task)

[Can subtasks be displayed in the tasks list?](/guide/faq?id=can-subtasks-be-displayed-in-the-tasks-list)

### Rewards (experience points, goods)

[The automatic calculation logic of experience value and coins?](/guide/faq?id=the-automatic-calculation-logic-of-experience-value-and-coins)

[How is life level calculated?](/guide/faq?id=how-is-life-level-calculated)

[Does it support custom experience points and coin rewards for tasks?](/guide/faq?id=does-it-support-custom-experience-points-and-coin-rewards-for-tasks)

[How to delete a shop item?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-delete-a-shop-item)

[How to clear experience and coins?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-clear-experience-and-coins)

[What are the level caps and experience gradients for attributes?](/guide/faq?id=what-are-the-level-caps-and-experience-gradients-for-attributes)

[How to set up loan, ATM interest, loan interest?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-set-up-loan-atm-interest-loan-interest)

[How to customize attributes or skills?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-customize-attributes-or-skills)

[Do the attributes of sports rewards and world like count rewards support modification?](/guide/faq?id=do-the-attributes-of-sports-rewards-and-world-like-count-rewards-support-modification)

[How to set the Loot Boxes reward?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-set-the-loot-boxes-reward)

[Does it support setting an out-of-box probability less than 1%?](/guide/faq?id=does-it-support-setting-an-out-of-box-probability-less-than-1)

[How to get more icons?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-get-more-icons)

### Reminder/Pomodoro/Countdown

[How to use the shop item countdown effect?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-use-the-shop-item-countdown-effect)

[Does the Pomodoro have a auto-next function?](/guide/faq?id=does-the-pomodoro-have-a-auto-next-function)

[How to quickly start a Pomodoro from the tasks list page?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-quickly-start-a-pomodoro-from-the-tasks-list-page)

[Does Pomodoro have summary statistics functions similar to professional Pomodoro applications?](/guide/faq?id=does-pomodoro-have-summary-statistics-functions-similar-to-professional-pomodoro-applications)

### Backup and restore

[How do I backup the data?](/guide/faq?id=how-do-i-backup-the-data)

[Why is it designed as an offline storage application?](/guide/faq?id=why-is-it-designed-as-an-offline-storage-application)

### Planning

[Will there be a iOS version of LifeUp?](/guide/faq?id=will-there-be-a-ios-version-of-lifeup)

### No answer here?

[Contact us!](/guide/faq?id=contact-us!)

## Universal

##### Can I hide the World module if I don't need it?

Sure!

The entire bottom navigation bar of LifeUp supports customs.

You can go to the `[Settings]` - `[Display]` - `[Module Config]` page to customize your bottom navigation bar.

##### How to initialize the overdue and given-up count in the "Me" page?

These data are based on historical records.

You can go to the [History] page to delete the corresponding record.

##### Pedometer is inaccurate, or I don't need this module?

> Click the small question mark next to the pedometer module in the app to see how it works

- You can make step counting more accurate by launching the app in the morning and evening, and try not to restart the phone 

- You can try to manually enter the number of steps instead
- Or directly hide the step counter module in `Settings`-`Display`




## Tasks

##### How to uncomplete tasks?

1. When completed a task, click the **“Undo”** button in the prompt box at the bottom.

2. On the `History` page of the `Sidebar`, tap the `Undo` button.

3. On the `Ended` module on the `Calendar` page, tap the `Undo` button.

4. **Can't see the undo button in [History] or [Calendar] page?**

   If the task deadline has passed, you will not be able to undo it directly. But you can modify the task record to "overdue" or "abandoned" status instead.

##### How to modify an overdue task to completed?

When the item is overdue, an overdue reminder dialog will automatically pop up, and the overdue item can be directly set to the completed state in it.

After closing the dialog, you can also view or change the status of the tasks at any time on the `Sidebar`-`History` or `Calendar`-`Ended` page.

##### Is there a exp/coin penalty for tasks failure?

Yes!

- The exp penalty is enabled by default (the factor is 0.2x).

- The coin penalty is not enabled by default (the factor is 0).

It can be set freely in `Sidebar`-`Settings`-`Advance` page globally, and it can also be set independently for tasks in the `Add Tasks` page.

##### How to understand the repetition mechanism?

In short, you only need to manually set the **first** [start-deadline] time of the tasks and the repetition frequency and maybe remind time, **and the subsequent time will be automatically calculated by the application.**

##### How to hide completed items (actually unstarted items)?

There are two situations:

1. **If the tasks shows `xx deadline`, it means that the item has started.**

   You can edit tasks as needed and set the correct `start time`.

2. **If the tasks shows `xx starts`, and the date is not the current day.**

   You can check whether the folding button at the bottom is folded (▾shape);

   Then check the menu bar (three dots) in the upper right corner of the tasks list page, click `Filter`, and check whether `Show Today Tasks` is selected

> Note:
>
> (1) The smart list (week, month) list does not support the folding function
>
> (2) By default, the complete cycle of repetitive items is the entire cycle. For example, a task that is repeated every 21 days can be completed every day of 21 days. If you want to display it only in the last few days, you can adjust the start time. (It only needs to be adjusted once, and the application will automatically calculate the subsequent date)

##### How to make tasks not overdue at 0 o'clock?

Overdue logic is controlled by deadline time.

After setting the deadline date, click the `time` button to set the specific time.

1. **For example, if you don't want the item to be overdue at 0:00, you only need to adjust the deadline for the item to after 0:00, such as 2:00 in the "next day". **

2. You can also choose to **adjust the global defaults** on the `Settings`-`Item`-`New item default settings` page (this does not affect the already created items).

##### How to set multiple reminders for a task?

Multiple reminders can be created by creating subtasks, and using this, you can set a different description for each reminder.

##### Can subtasks be displayed in the tasks list?

Temporarily not supported, but we will consider about it.



## Rewards (experience points, goods)

##### The automatic calculation logic of experience value and coins?

The value of experience value is related to `difficulty level`, `importance level` and `number of selected attributes`;

The value of gold coins is related to `difficulty level` and `importance level`.

##### How is life level calculated?

The experience value of life level is positively related to the experience value of any attribute gained.

When you are punished, the experience value of life level will also be deducted by a certain percentage.

##### Does it support custom experience points and coin rewards for tasks?

Yes!

When creating a new task or achievement, click the corresponding button to customize it.

##### How to delete a shop item?

On the `Shop` page, long-press the item, then select the "trash can" button at the top.

##### How to clear experience and coins?

You can clear the  value in the `Sidebar`-`Setting`-`Data backup, restore, clear` interface.

Note: After clearing the value, the server data may not be synchronized in time.

##### What are the level caps and experience gradients for attributes?

It can be regarded as an unlimited level (currently 2000+, which can hardly be reached by normal means).

The experience value required for each level will have a gradient adjustment, but the current gradient is actually unreasonable. (Therefore, it is impossible to evaluate the reward only by looking at the upper limit of the level, and the upper limit of the experience value is about 2^63).

In fact, many users will be in the gradient of 2500 experience points for a long time, and they may find ways to optimize the level system or open customization in the future. (The total amount of experience points is not affected).

| Level    | Experience Points Required for Each Level |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| 1->2     | 300                                       |
| 2->3     | 700                                       |
| 3->4     | 1500                                      |
| 4->99    | 2500                                      |
| 99->150  | 5000                                      |
| 150->200 | 7500                                      |
| 200->250 | 15000                                     |
| 250->300 | 30000                                     |
| 300->325 | 50000                                     |
| 325->350 | 100000                                    |
| >350     | 500000                                    |

##### How to set up loan, ATM interest, loan interest?

From the menu (three dots) in the upper right corner of the `Shop` page, select `Settings`.


##### How to customize attributes or skills?

In `Sidebar`-`Settings`-`Advanced`-`Custom Properties`, you can freely add, delete and modify the current attributes.

If you want to add some skills, just name it like a skill like `Fishing`.

##### Do the attributes of sports rewards and world like count rewards support modification?

The current version does not support modification.

##### How to set the Loot Boxes reward?

When creating a new shop item, add a loot boxes effect for it.

##### Does it support setting an out-of-box probability less than 1%?

Yes!

After setting the Loot Boxes effect, you can click the `question mark` to view the in-app explanation for help.

##### How to get more icons?

> Since we are currently an independent developer and have no designers, we cannot have built-in copyright-free icons, and the unit price of icon design requires at least dozens of members to donate to return the cost (this is also one of the disadvantages of the buyout system application), we are currently unable to burn money.

1. You can import shop items in the `World` - `Market`, or add icons directly from them.
2. Search online icon sites, user-owned icons do not involve copyright issues
   - [iconfont-Alibaba Vector Icon Library](https://www.iconfont.cn/)
   - [Vector Icons and Stickers - PNG, SVG, EPS, PSD and CSS (flaticon.com)](https://www.flaticon.com/)
   - Or try to search for game materials directly, it is better to use icons with transparent backgrounds



## Reminder/Pomodoro/Countdown


##### How to use the shop item countdown effect?

Countdowns to items take the form of app notifications.

You can first confirm that the app notification permission is normal.

##### Does the Pomodoro have a auto-next function?

No. Maybe you can try positive timer mode.

In pomodoro mode, after the current time for a work ends, **the timer will continue to count up** in the page, and you can decide whether to add this time to the focus time. A auto-next function make break this feature.

##### How to quickly start a Pomodoro from the tasks list page?

1. You can long press the task list and then click the `Timer` action in the menu.

2. Or in the `Tasks` setting, adjust the sliding operation in a direction to `Timer`.

##### Does Pomodoro have summary statistics functions similar to professional Pomodoro applications?

**It does not support complex summary statistics for the time being, and development will be arranged in the future. **

At present, the Pomodoro function of *LifeUp* is a secondary function and is in the early development stage (it is still in the experiment, but it is only enabled by default).



Currently only supported: The detailed records of each focus and the "Status" page have simple summary statistics for today.



## Backup and restore

##### How do I backup the data?

Please check the [Settings]-[Data Backup] page in the app.

You can back up your data via:
- Export data files
- Google Drive
- DropBox
- Any WebDAV server



##### Why is it designed as an offline storage application?

`Offline storage` and `Server storage data` belong to two basic technical selection schemes.

`Offline storage` means that the data belongs to the user completely, **you can use any form to backup and keep your data.**

The data will only be stored locally, **no matter how you fiddle with your data locally, there is no need to worry about someone spying on your privacy.**

Even if you are in a **no network environment and the server goes down, you can still use most of the functions** (except the world module) locally.

Because your local *LifeUp* client is fully functional and can independently complete all operations of local functions.


## Planning

##### Will there be a iOS version of LifeUp?

**The answer is yes, but the iOS release may still take a lot of time.**

Here are some reasons:
1. LifeUp is currently developed using pure Android technology (my main job is also Android development). Not proficient in iOS development.

2. And since LifeUp is offline storage, the app handles all the data instead of the server. This results in the iOS version also needing to rewrite all UI and calculation logic.

3. We still use our spare time for independent development, and the time is relatively limited.



## No answer here?

##### Contact us!

Please feel free to reach out at us by email at kei.ayagi@gmail.com.

Or you can add a new issue in our Github page:

https://github.com/Ayagikei/LifeUp/issues

Commit message:

feat: update FAQ and add feelings quickstart

docs/en/guide/faq.md, after:

# FAQ

> Some parts of this article use machine translation, and the text may not be accurate. Welcome to revise. 

Due to the limited time and energy of the three independent developers which develop the app in their spare time, in order to quickly implement the entire incentive system, there are still many imperfect functions/details/interaction UI in the app, which can only be compensated by time.

If you help us to promote the application (whether it is to friends or app market reviews, or articles, videos), perhaps we can obtain more development/design resources to make `LifeUp` more perfect.

If the app really helps you, please consider buy us a coffee :)

<iframe src="html/buymeacoffe.html" scrolling="no" border="0" frameborder="no" framespacing="0" allowfullscreen="true" width="100%" height="80px"> </iframe>


## Compatibility configuration

If you come across:

- Reminders do not take effect
- The Pomodoro does not remind in the background; the commodity countdown is invalid in the
  background
- Widget can't finish counting items, can't enter item details
- Widget refresh exception

!> [Please click here for compatibility configuration](/guide/compatibility.md) documentation

## Toc

### Universal

[Why is there no XX language? Or why is the translation incomplete and displayed in English?](/guide/faq?id=why-is-there-no-xx-language-or-why-is-the-translation-incomplete-and-displayed-in-english)

[Can I hide the World module if I don't need it?](/guide/faq?id=can-i-hide-the-world-module-if-i-dont-need-it)

[How to initialize the overdue and given-up count in the "Me" page?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-initialize-the-overdue-and-given-up-count-in-the-me-page)

[Pedometer is inaccurate, or I don't need this module?](/guide/faq?id=pedometer-is-inaccurate-or-i-dont-need-this-module)

### Tasks

[How to uncomplete tasks?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-uncomplete-tasks)

[How to modify an overdue task to completed?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-modify-an-overdue-task-to-completed)

[Is there a exp/coin penalty for tasks failure?](/guide/faq?id=is-there-a-expcoin-penalty-for-tasks-failure)

[How to understand the repetition mechanism?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-understand-the-repetition-mechanism)

[How to hide completed items (actually unstarted items)?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-hide-completed-items-actually-unstarted-items)

[How to make tasks not overdue at 0 o'clock?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-make-tasks-not-overdue-at-0-oclock)

[How to set multiple reminders for a task?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-set-multiple-reminders-for-a-task)

[Can subtasks be displayed in the tasks list?](/guide/faq?id=can-subtasks-be-displayed-in-the-tasks-list)

### Rewards (experience points, goods)

[The automatic calculation logic of experience value and coins?](/guide/faq?id=the-automatic-calculation-logic-of-experience-value-and-coins)

[How is life level calculated?](/guide/faq?id=how-is-life-level-calculated)

[Does it support custom experience points and coin rewards for tasks?](/guide/faq?id=does-it-support-custom-experience-points-and-coin-rewards-for-tasks)

[How to delete a shop item?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-delete-a-shop-item)

[How to clear experience and coins?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-clear-experience-and-coins)

[What are the level caps and experience gradients for attributes?](/guide/faq?id=what-are-the-level-caps-and-experience-gradients-for-attributes)

[How to set up loan, ATM interest, loan interest?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-set-up-loan-atm-interest-loan-interest)

[How to customize attributes or skills?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-customize-attributes-or-skills)

[Do the attributes of sports rewards and world like count rewards support modification?](/guide/faq?id=do-the-attributes-of-sports-rewards-and-world-like-count-rewards-support-modification)

[How to set the Loot Boxes reward?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-set-the-loot-boxes-reward)

[Does it support setting an out-of-box probability less than 1%?](/guide/faq?id=does-it-support-setting-an-out-of-box-probability-less-than-1)

[How to get more icons?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-get-more-icons)

### Reminder/Pomodoro/Countdown

[How to use the shop item countdown effect?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-use-the-shop-item-countdown-effect)

[Does the Pomodoro have a auto-next function?](/guide/faq?id=does-the-pomodoro-have-a-auto-next-function)

[How to quickly start a Pomodoro from the tasks list page?](/guide/faq?id=how-to-quickly-start-a-pomodoro-from-the-tasks-list-page)

[Does Pomodoro have summary statistics functions similar to professional Pomodoro applications?](/guide/faq?id=does-pomodoro-have-summary-statistics-functions-similar-to-professional-pomodoro-applications)

### Backup and restore

[How do I backup the data?](/guide/faq?id=how-do-i-backup-the-data)

[Why is it designed as an offline storage application?](/guide/faq?id=why-is-it-designed-as-an-offline-storage-application)

### Planning

[Will there be a iOS version of LifeUp?](/guide/faq?id=will-there-be-a-ios-version-of-lifeup)

### No answer here?

[Contact us!](/guide/faq?id=contact-us!)

## Universal

##### Why is there no XX language? Or why is the translation incomplete and displayed in English?

Languages and translations for *LifeUp* are maintained by the community.

You are more than welcome to contribute translated texts.

We will add the latest translated text to the app with every update.

https://crowdin.com/project/lifeup

##### Can I hide the World module if I don't need it?

Sure!

The entire bottom navigation bar of LifeUp supports customs.

You can go to the `[Settings]` - `[Display]` - `[Module Config]` page to customize your bottom
navigation bar.

##### How to initialize the overdue and given-up count in the "Me" page?

These data are based on historical records.

You can go to the [History] page to delete the corresponding record.

##### Pedometer is inaccurate, or I don't need this module?

> Click the small question mark next to the pedometer module in the app to see how it works

- You can make step counting more accurate by launching the app in the morning and evening, and try not to restart the phone 

- You can try to manually enter the number of steps instead
- Or directly hide the step counter module in `Settings`-`Display`




## Tasks

##### How to uncomplete tasks?

1. When completed a task, click the **“Undo”** button in the prompt box at the bottom.

2. On the `History` page of the `Sidebar`, tap the `Undo` button.

3. On the `Ended` module on the `Calendar` page, tap the `Undo` button.

4. **Can't see the undo button in [History] or [Calendar] page?**

   If the task deadline has passed, you will not be able to undo it directly. But you can modify the task record to "overdue" or "abandoned" status instead.

##### How to modify an overdue task to completed?

When the item is overdue, an overdue reminder dialog will automatically pop up, and the overdue item can be directly set to the completed state in it.

After closing the dialog, you can also view or change the status of the tasks at any time on the `Sidebar`-`History` or `Calendar`-`Ended` page.

##### Is there a exp/coin penalty for tasks failure?

Yes!

- The exp penalty is enabled by default (the factor is 0.2x).

- The coin penalty is not enabled by default (the factor is 0).

It can be set freely in `Sidebar`-`Settings`-`Advance` page globally, and it can also be set independently for tasks in the `Add Tasks` page.

##### How to understand the repetition mechanism?

In short, you only need to manually set the **first** [start-deadline] time of the tasks and the repetition frequency and maybe remind time, **and the subsequent time will be automatically calculated by the application.**

##### How to hide completed items (actually unstarted items)?

There are two situations:

1. **If the tasks shows `xx deadline`, it means that the item has started.**

   You can edit tasks as needed and set the correct `start time`.

2. **If the tasks shows `xx starts`, and the date is not the current day.**

   You can check whether the folding button at the bottom is folded (▾shape);

   Then check the menu bar (three dots) in the upper right corner of the tasks list page, click `Filter`, and check whether `Show Today Tasks` is selected

> Note:
>
> (1) The smart list (week, month) list does not support the folding function
>
> (2) By default, the complete cycle of repetitive items is the entire cycle. For example, a task that is repeated every 21 days can be completed every day of 21 days. If you want to display it only in the last few days, you can adjust the start time. (It only needs to be adjusted once, and the application will automatically calculate the subsequent date)

##### How to make tasks not overdue at 0 o'clock?

Overdue logic is controlled by deadline time.

After setting the deadline date, click the `time` button to set the specific time.

1. **For example, if you don't want the item to be overdue at 0:00, you only need to adjust the deadline for the item to after 0:00, such as 2:00 in the "next day". **

2. You can also choose to **adjust the global defaults** on the `Settings`-`Item`-`New item default settings` page (this does not affect the already created items).

##### How to set multiple reminders for a task?

Multiple reminders can be created by creating subtasks, and using this, you can set a different description for each reminder.

##### Can subtasks be displayed in the tasks list?

Temporarily not supported, but we will consider about it.



## Rewards (experience points, goods)

##### The automatic calculation logic of experience value and coins?

The value of experience value is related to `difficulty level`, `importance level` and `number of selected attributes`;

The value of gold coins is related to `difficulty level` and `importance level`.

##### How is life level calculated?

The experience value of life level is positively related to the experience value of any attribute gained.

When you are punished, the experience value of life level will also be deducted by a certain percentage.

##### Does it support custom experience points and coin rewards for tasks?

Yes!

When creating a new task or achievement, click the corresponding button to customize it.

##### How to delete a shop item?

On the `Shop` page, long-press the item, then select the "trash can" button at the top.

##### How to clear experience and coins?

You can clear the  value in the `Sidebar`-`Setting`-`Data backup, restore, clear` interface.

Note: After clearing the value, the server data may not be synchronized in time.

##### What are the level caps and experience gradients for attributes?

It can be regarded as an unlimited level (currently 2000+, which can hardly be reached by normal means).

The experience value required for each level will have a gradient adjustment, but the current gradient is actually unreasonable. (Therefore, it is impossible to evaluate the reward only by looking at the upper limit of the level, and the upper limit of the experience value is about 2^63).

In fact, many users will be in the gradient of 2500 experience points for a long time, and they may find ways to optimize the level system or open customization in the future. (The total amount of experience points is not affected).

| Level    | Experience Points Required for Each Level |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| 1->2     | 300                                       |
| 2->3     | 700                                       |
| 3->4     | 1500                                      |
| 4->99    | 2500                                      |
| 99->150  | 5000                                      |
| 150->200 | 7500                                      |
| 200->250 | 15000                                     |
| 250->300 | 30000                                     |
| 300->325 | 50000                                     |
| 325->350 | 100000                                    |
| >350     | 500000                                    |

##### How to set up loan, ATM interest, loan interest?

From the menu (three dots) in the upper right corner of the `Shop` page, select `Settings`.


##### How to customize attributes or skills?

In `Sidebar`-`Settings`-`Advanced`-`Custom Properties`, you can freely add, delete and modify the current attributes.

If you want to add some skills, just name it like a skill like `Fishing`.

##### Do the attributes of sports rewards and world like count rewards support modification?

The current version does not support modification.

##### How to set the Loot Boxes reward?

When creating a new shop item, add a loot boxes effect for it.

##### Does it support setting an out-of-box probability less than 1%?

Yes!

After setting the Loot Boxes effect, you can click the `question mark` to view the in-app explanation for help.

##### How to get more icons?

> Since we are currently an independent developer and have no designers, we cannot have built-in copyright-free icons, and the unit price of icon design requires at least dozens of members to donate to return the cost (this is also one of the disadvantages of the buyout system application), we are currently unable to burn money.

1. You can import shop items in the `World` - `Market`, or add icons directly from them.
2. Search online icon sites, user-owned icons do not involve copyright issues
   - [iconfont-Alibaba Vector Icon Library](https://www.iconfont.cn/)
   - [Vector Icons and Stickers - PNG, SVG, EPS, PSD and CSS (flaticon.com)](https://www.flaticon.com/)
   - Or try to search for game materials directly, it is better to use icons with transparent backgrounds



## Reminder/Pomodoro/Countdown


##### How to use the shop item countdown effect?

Countdowns to items take the form of app notifications.

You can first confirm that the app notification permission is normal.

##### Does the Pomodoro have a auto-next function?

No. Maybe you can try positive timer mode.

In pomodoro mode, after the current time for a work ends, **the timer will continue to count up** in the page, and you can decide whether to add this time to the focus time. A auto-next function make break this feature.

##### How to quickly start a Pomodoro from the tasks list page?

1. You can long press the task list and then click the `Timer` action in the menu.

2. Or in the `Tasks` setting, adjust the sliding operation in a direction to `Timer`.

##### Does Pomodoro have summary statistics functions similar to professional Pomodoro applications?

**It does not support complex summary statistics for the time being, and development will be arranged in the future. **

At present, the Pomodoro function of *LifeUp* is a secondary function and is in the early development stage (it is still in the experiment, but it is only enabled by default).



Currently only supported: The detailed records of each focus and the "Status" page have simple summary statistics for today.



## Backup and restore

##### How do I backup the data?

Please check the [Settings]-[Data Backup] page in the app.

You can back up your data via:
- Export data files
- Google Drive
- DropBox
- Any WebDAV server



##### Why is it designed as an offline storage application?

`Offline storage` and `Server storage data` belong to two basic technical selection schemes.

`Offline storage` means that the data belongs to the user completely, **you can use any form to backup and keep your data.**

The data will only be stored locally, **no matter how you fiddle with your data locally, there is no need to worry about someone spying on your privacy.**

Even if you are in a **no network environment and the server goes down, you can still use most of the functions** (except the world module) locally.

Because your local *LifeUp* client is fully functional and can independently complete all operations of local functions.


## Planning

##### Will there be a iOS version of LifeUp?

**The answer is yes, but the iOS release may still take a lot of time.**

Here are some reasons:
1. LifeUp is currently developed using pure Android technology (my main job is also Android development). Not proficient in iOS development.

2. And since LifeUp is offline storage, the app handles all the data instead of the server. This results in the iOS version also needing to rewrite all UI and calculation logic.

3. We still use our spare time for independent development, and the time is relatively limited.



## No answer here?

##### Contact us!

Please feel free to reach out at us by email at kei.ayagi@gmail.com.

Or you can add a new issue in our Github page:

https://github.com/Ayagikei/LifeUp/issues
